Now let's review our service test by looking at the source
code for the reviewServiceTest class.
The reviewServiceTest follows the same pattern we explored
when building the productServiceTest class.
It's annotated with the ExtendWith SpringExtension
annotation and the SpringBootTest annotation,
so Spring will load our Spring-managed resources for us.
Spring autowires in a ReviewService instance for us to test us,
and we create a mock ReviewRepository using the MockBean annotation.
Each test mocks the responses we expect from the repository,
and then tests that our service behaves correctly.
The test's findById Success method creates a new mockReview with a single entry,
configures the mock repository to return that review
when its findById method is called,
executes the review service's findById method,
and then validates both that the returned value is present and
that it matches the mockReview created above.
The testFindByIdNotFound method performs the same process,
but configures the mock repository to return an
Optional.empty when its findById method is called.
It then executes the service's findById method and validates
that the returnedReview is not present.
The testFindAll method creates two reviews and configures
the mock repository to return these reviews as a list when
its findAll method is called.
It then invokes the review service's findAll method and
validates that both reviews are returned.
Finally,
the testSave method creates a mockReview and configures the mock
repository's save method to return that review.
It then executes the review service's save method and validate that it
returns the same review that the repository returns.
Because the review service is mostly a pass through service, it's the simplest component in this project to test.